Stonehenge the stones are sinking into
the ground over time and Charles Darwin
discovered it's because of earthworms
the carrot house it's the world's
narrowest house
a seven-year-old could touch both walls
at once and leave even more fingerprints
[Music]
newbee McMahon building known as the
world's little skyscraper
it's about the height of a phone call
the Hollywood sign it used to say
Hollywood land but the last part was
ditched in 1949 the Parthenon it's
gotten so much foot traffic over the
centuries that the surrounding rocky
ground is slippery smooth Mount Rushmore
faces the sculptor used dynamite to
remove pieces of the 5725 foot mountain
the faces are carved into the Great
Sphinx its eyes alone are six feet tall
and the whole thing used to be painted
different colors Oh about four miles
away there's the pretty good Sphinx but
it's nothing special
not really the louvre pyramid it has the
same exact proportions as the Great
Pyramid of Giza it's a tribute to the
museum's Egyptian antiques collection
the avea Park aquarium holds a world
record for the largest cylindrical
aquarium it's also in the biggest mall
in Europe
the Tower of London this is where the
Queen of England keeps her twenty three
thousand pieces of jewelry worth twenty
five billion dollars the dancing house
the large twisted metal structure on top
of the building is named Mary because
reasons monument to the equator
ironically the monument is about eight
hundred feet from the actual equator
oops the windmills at kinder Jing they
were built to prevent flooding without
them forty percent of the Netherlands
would have been underwater long ago the
Lotus Temple inspired by the lotus
flower the temple has nine pools around
it to look as if it's floating on water
Lego tower it's the tallest structure
built with Legos and took five hundred
fifty thousand bricks to complete the
Brooklyn Bridge PT Barnum once March
twenty one elephants across the bridge
in 1884 to show how sturdy the structure
was nothing written here as to who got
the dirty job once the elephant's left
Saint Basil's Cathedral the bright
colors it's known for didn't decorate
the walls until two hundred years after
its construction the Colosseum it could
see fifty thousand spectators and it was
originally called the Flavian
amphitheater arc de triomph
before the ark was commissioned the
space it stands on was almost used to
construct a giant elephant shaped
building a I'm sensing an elephant
pattern here Hagia Sophia one of the
most iconic examples of Byzantine
architecture most famous for its massive
dome the Leaning Tower of Pisa
it's a hundred and eighty six feet tall
though the low side is only 180 three
feet hard new chuan Stein castle yeah
it's the castle that inspired Disney's
iconic Cinderella Castle too bad he
didn't keep the name for the movie once
there was a girl named new
Schwann Stein okay he was probably
bright the Sakyamuni pagoda it's a world
record holder for the tallest wooden
pagoda and it's the oldest wooden pagoda
still standing in China back in the 60s
there was talk about building the
sockitumi pagoda but it didn't work out
the Golden Gate Bridge the bridge was
supposed to be painted blue and yellow
the iconic orange hue was just a
temporary primer but the architect
decided to keep it Sydney Opera House
it's bigger than you can imagine the
Opera House has over 1,000 rooms inside
that go through more than 15,000 light
bulbs a year the Taj Mahal the named Taj
Mahal means crown of palaces nearly half
its height is in its huge onion dome the
motherland calls tall a statue of a
woman in the world
her sword alone is over 100 feet long
Flatiron Building it was designed with
that famous shape simply because it
could fit the wedge-like space available
the offices in the tip are only six feet
wide the Statue of Liberty the statue
from foot to tip is 151 feet Haffer
height comes from a pedestal
Lloyd's building they put the elevators
on the outside of this futuristic
looking building to allow more space on
the inside Big Ben
old Ben is seen the reigns of six
monarchs and yes it's the name of the
Bell inside Elizabeth tower atomium the
building design is an iron molecule 150
billion times sized up the tubes have
staircases and escalators connecting
exhibitions inside the spheres
[Music]
1 Times Square building the interior of
the building is no longer in use
but the billboard wall on the outside
generates a yearly 23 million dollars in
ads the spire the base is 10 feet in
diameter and goes down to 6 inches at
the tippy-top the London Eye Europe's
largest ferris wheel has 32 capsules
numbered 1 to 12 and 14 to 33 no number
13 because well yeah the Great Pyramid
of Giza
when first bill the pyramids were
polished smooth with white casing and
probably reflected sunlight like giant
jewels Dubai fountain the largest
dancing fountain in the world they can
spray 22 thousand gallons of water in
the air don't forget an umbrella a 360
tower the super slender Tower is
supported by a foundation that reaches
six stories underground the Washington
Monument it's the tallest structure in
DC and no building is allowed to be
taller than the monument the Gherkin if
you laid out all the glass windows they
take up three football fields and each
one of those 7,000 429 panes is washed
by hand the statue of unity took the
title of the world's tallest statue from
China's spring temple Buddha upon his
completion in 2018 the Space Needle it
used to have a giant flame at the top
that burned enough natural gas to heat
125 homes now they just cook
marshmallows on it the turning torso
each of the nine cubes is made up of
five floors and the space between them
is also a floor
the Gateway Arch it's the world's
tallest arch the tallest monument in the
Western Hemisphere
and the tallest stainless steel monument
in the world WTC Mexico the building has
the largest revolving restaurant in the
world it could fit almost two basketball
courts the rust Imani maze Talon the
world's largest vertical maze can fit
eight basketball courts anchor want the
building is seven times bigger than the
US Capitol it could almost fit the
entire country of Monaco the Millau
Viaduct
it's the world's tallest bridge drivers
can sometimes enjoy a view of the clouds
below champagne hydropower station and
now the tallest Dam it's almost twice
the height of the Washington Monument
The Shard yes it was modeled after a
shard of glass and this one has enough
pains to make eight football fields
Jetta fountain tallest mountain in the
world the water sprays out from it going
over 200 miles per hour to reach that
height the Chrysler Building it remains
the tallest brick building in the world
the lobby alone is three stories high
burj al arab hotel the shape was
inspired by the sale of a ship it's also
been dubbed the world's only seven star
hotel the eiffel tower it took over
18,000 metal parts two and a half
million rivets and 40 tons of paint to
complete the job the tower gets a fresh
coat of paint every seven years amazon
tall tower observatory it's the tallest
structure in south america and serves as
a research facility that measures the
atmosphere
ryeong hotel is the world's tallest
unoccupied building it's twice the
height of the Great Pyramid the G for a
hotel it's the tallest hotel in the
world imagine the view from the luxury
spa on the 71st floor the Nate or
transmitter it's the tallest structure
on the continent of Africa 432 Park
Avenue holds a Guinness record for the
tallest residential building it holds
104 apartments starting at just seven
million dollars the Empire State
Building
it was constructed in record time
thousands of builders finished it in a
little over a year petronas towers from
above the towers are shaped like
eight-point stars the connective
skybridge makes them form a giant elm
oriental pearl tower it has 11 spheres
of different sizes the top one being
dubbed the space module Taipei 101 the
building is incredibly efficient it
blocks UV rays and 50% of outside heat
Willis Tower formerly Sears Tower its
base takes up an entire city block in
Chicago
Ostankino tower it's the tallest
structure in Europe for over 50 years
running one World Trade Center on a
clear day you can see 80 miles into New
York New Jersey Pennsylvania Connecticut
and Massachusetts
CN tower there's a glass for 113 stories
high in the observation tower don't
worry it can withstand the weight of 35
most what no elephants Canton tower if
you're not impressed by the spectacular
view the tower also has the highest 4d
movie theater a brush al Bayt hotel
tower it has the world's largest clock
face the arc de triumphe could almost
fit in it
KVLY TV mast it's the tallest
broadcasting mast in the world and the
tallest structure in North America
Shanghai Tower home to the world's
fastest elevator you can reach the 119th
floor in under a minute
whoo my stomach would arrive later I
thank Tokyo Skytree it's the tallest
tower in the world twice the height of
the Eiffel Tower the Burj Khalifa
currently the title holder for the
world's tallest structure if it were
laid flat it would take you 12 minutes
to walk its height and that brings our
total to 53,000 253 feet that's 10 miles
longer than the Great Wall now not even
close it's 13,000 miles long to the moon
forget about it our superstructure
wouldn't even reach space and that's
only 60 miles up but we did end up with
something one and a half times the depth
of the Mariana Trench and twice the
height of Mount Everest
[Music]